In the previous notebook,
we only learned orientations that pointed east,
north, west, or south.
And because we constrained the robots suppose this way,
it was easy to figure out what happened when the vehicle
moved forward by D meters for example.
So in this case, if we have a car that starts here pointing
east and then moves to distance D to get here,
well, I can see that the X coordinate just increases by D,
and the Y coordinate doesn't change at all.
Likewise, if the car is pointing north and then moves forward by D meters,
then the Y coordinate will increase by D,
and the X coordinate will be left unchanged.
But now the question is,
what if the heading isn't along the X or Y axis?
What if the car is pointing at some weird angle like this?
Now what happens when the car moves forward by,
let's say, D meters?
What can you say about the value for delta X and for delta Y in a situation like this?